docs: added explanation on how to package unit tests. (#77)
testproject-io/java-opensdk: README.md

    If executing without a runner, it is possible to initialize
    the driver as part of the step definition class constructor.
  
# Package & Upload Tests to TestProject

Tests can be executed locally using the SDK and remotely from the platform. \
Before uploading your Tests, they should be packaged into a JAR.

This JAR must contain all the dependencies (including TestProject SDK) and your unit tests (JUnit / TestNG). \
Since unit Tests are not packaged by default, they must be included explicitly during build.

> Here's an example of how this can be done with Gradle in build.gradle:

Reviewer: "this" needs a better explanation.
What exactly those two lines do...

Author: @vitalybu better now ?

    If executing without a runner, it is possible to initialize
    the driver as part of the step definition class constructor.
  
# Package & Upload Tests to TestProject

> Tests can be executed locally using the SDK and remotely from the platform. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests can be executed locally using the SDK, or triggered remotely from the TestProject platform. \
```

```gradle
jar {
    // Collect and zip all classes from both compile and test configurations

>     from { configurations.testCompile.collect { it.isDirectory() ? it : zipTree(it) } }

Reviewer: This is used for packaging?
If so, maybe the order of the two lines should be inverted.
First, compile the test classes and then package everything into a zip.

Author: I moved it, however it's not a compilation instruction but packaging that happens after the compilation is done.
Also updated `testCompile` to `testRuntimeClasspath`, otherwise the dependencies aren't packaged.
